Add config for several popular GitLab instances to docs (#867)
GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager: docs/gitlab.md

    git config --global --unset-all credential.https://gitlab.example.com.provider
```

### Config for popular instances

> For convenience, here is config for several popular GitLab instances:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For convenience, here are the config commands for several popular GitLab instances:
```

> For convenience, here are the config commands for several popular GitLab instances:

Reviewer: It could also be a good idea to clarify that these instances are community-maintained and are not managed by the GCM project.
